everyone candy - today I'm gonna show
you how I wash to raise my braids if you
must scalp and everything healthy first
first thing I used water the best thing
for sure so I went let's go okay and
I'll go all out
I mean this this is coconut oil castor
oil black Jamaican black castor oil and
olive oil so smelly boy I need no hungry
so let's go
just put it with two other parts I don't
put so much a lot I'll come out
just let them later
that'll take you here next fall my hair
break or anything so far I had this in
for two weeks so depends
I haven't irritating you or anything
here or if it did Oh what my scalp that
ones myself was dry and I was just wet
it and then they stopped so far so good
though I'll see if I can stretch it so
hard or more right now it's just two
weeks so massage my oil then okay and
now to moisturize the rest of my hair
this is moisturizer sports I named the
video camera later on ingredients I put
a knife so yeah just spray I don't know
you spray my scalp with this this was
meaningful like the ends of my hair
okay so now I feel my hair is now little
and I will is mine
raw shea butter reconstructive finishing
elixir from Shea Moisture smells amazing
so because my spirts has like rosemary
scent so I don't think you want that
smell in my hair so I use this cover
because this is like a perfect set so
this will be the oil so it's like
moisturizing and sealing so this is
spice like too much though okay nothing
now I just let it dry
so
thanks for watching please subscribe and
like to see more videos